so this is the atlatl and this
is what the make all the dark
it predates the bow and arrow
people it's really responsible
for our survival as human beings
this tools been used more in in
a longer duration than probably
any other hunting tool in
mankind's used
it's got a hook in the end here
and that's really the most
important function of the app
that hook this hooker spur gives
you amazing velocity and
basically it's like adding an
entire extension or extra joint
to your arm
so it's like got 12 and then
also got this long joint out
here and it not only gives you
more power but also gives you
more after scene control this
style you've got two fingers
that lock in there you can also
make them were simpler to stick
and hold it like you're holding
up a time trip in different ways
there's one finger two fingers
baton and the first part of the
throw is is you're just kind of
dropping into the throat
executing it you're aiming and
then the last part of throw
you're just putting all your
forces so it looks something
like this
so that's it this thing is
awesome